readme, docs: refine language for 5 documents (#1072)
pingcap/tispark: docs/datasource_api_userguide.md

# TiDB Data Source API User Guide

The TiDB Connector for Spark enables you to use TiDB as the data source of Apache Spark, similar to other data sources (PostgreSQL, HDFS, S3, etc.).

The TiDB Connector supports Spark 2.3.0+.

## Interaction Between TiDB and Spark

TiDB Connector supports bi-directional data movement between TiDB and Spark clusters.

Using the connector, you can perform the following two operations:

  - Populate a Spark DataFrame from a table in TiDB.
  - Write the contents of a Spark DataFrame to a table in TiDB.

## Query Pushdown

For optimal performance, you might want to avoid reading a large amount of data or transferring large intermediate results between systems.

Query pushdown leverages these performance efficiencies by enabling large and complex Spark logical plans (in parts) to be processed in TiKV.

Pushdown is not possible in all situations. For example, Spark UDFs cannot be pushed down to TiKV.

## Transaction support for Write

> Because TiDB is a database that supports `transaction`, The TiDB Connector for Spark also supports `transaction`, which means that:

Reviewer: This pretty weird. @birdstorm We need to discuss the entire paragraph.

Reviewer 2: That's what I think. We will discuss the entire chapter before reaching an agreement.

Reviewer 3: i will fix in next PR.

1. all the data in DataFrame is written to TiDB successfully if no conflicts exist.
2. no data in DataFrame is written to TiDB successfully if conflicts exist.

> 3. no partial changes are visible to other sessions until commit.

Author: What does it mean by "until commit"?

Reviewer 2: `until committed`? It does seems awkward here. I will discuss with @marsishandsome about this chapter.

Reviewer 3: @TomShawn 在commit之前其他session不会看到`修改的数据`

*/

// Common options can also be passed in,

> // for example, spark.tispark.plan.allow_agg_pushdown, spark.tispark.plan.allow_index_read, etc.

Reviewer: Is this change necessary here?

Author: We avoid using these abbreviations in our official document such as `i.e.`, `e.g.`, `etc.`.

)
```

> 3. Register a TiDB table `tpch_test.CUSTOMER` to the Spark catalog:

Reviewer: s/spark catalog/Spark Catalog

```
CREATE TABLE CUSTOMER_SRC USING tidb OPTIONS (database 'tpch_test', table 'CUSTOMER')
```

4. Select data from `tpch_test.CUSTOMER`:

```
SELECT * FROM CUSTOMER_SRC limit 10
```

> 5. Register another TiDB table `tpch_test.TARGET_TABLE_CUSTOMER` to the spark catalog:

Reviewer: s/spark catalog/Spark Catalog

| spark.tispark.tidb.addr     | tidb.addr     | true     | TiDB address, which currently only supports one instance                                                           | -       |
| spark.tispark.tidb.port     | tidb.port     | true     | TiDB Port                                                                                                   | -       |
| spark.tispark.tidb.user     | tidb.user     | true     | TiDB User                                                                                                   | -       |
| spark.tispark.tidb.password | tidb.password | true     | TiDB Password                                                                                               | -       |
| database                    | -             | true     | TiDB Database                                                                                               | -       |
| table                       | -             | true     | TiDB Table                                                                                                  | -       |

> | skipCommitSecondaryKey      | -             | false    | To skip commit secondary key                                                                                   | false   |

Author: What does it mean by "skip commit secondary key"? looks like it makes no sense grammatically.

Reviewer 2: whether to skip the commit phase of secondary keys.

| enableRegionSplit           | -             | false    | To split Region to avoid hot Region during insertion                                                        | true    |
| regionSplitNum              | -             | false    | The Region split number defined by user during insertion                                                           | 0       |
| replace                     | -             | false    | To define the behavior of append                                                                              | false   |

> | lockTTLSeconds              | -             | false    | tikv lock ttl. The write duration must be longer than `lockTTLSeconds`, otherwise write might fail because of the Garbage Collection (GC).              | 3600    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| lockTTLSeconds              | -             | false    | TiKV's lock TTL. The write duration must be no longer than `lockTTLSeconds`, otherwise write might fail because of the Garbage Collection (GC).              | 3600    |
```

| writeConcurrency            | -             | false    | The maximum number of threads that write data to TiKV. It is recommended that `writeConcurrency` is smaller than or equal to 8 * `number of TiKV instance`. | 0       |

## TiDB Version and Configuration for Write

TiDB's version must be 3.0 or later.

Make sure that the following TiDB configuration items are correctly set.

```
# enable-table-lock is used to control the table lock feature. The default value is false, indicating that the table lock feature is disabled.
enable-table-lock: true

# delay-clean-table-lock is used to control the time (milliseconds) of delay before unlocking the table in abnormal situations.
delay-clean-table-lock: 60000

# When creating table, split a separated Region for it. It is recommended to
# turn off this option if there is a large number of tables created.
split-table: true
```

> If your TiDB's version is earlier than 3.0 and you still want to have a try, set `spark.tispark.write.without_lock_table` to `true` to enable write, but ACID is **not** guaranteed.

Author: "you still want to have a try"... Try what? The meaning here is not so clear.

Reviewer 2: Just delete `and you still want to have a try`...

## Type Conversion for Write

The following types of SparkSQL Data are currently not supported for writing to TiDB:

- BinaryType
- ArrayType
- MapType
- StructType

> The complete conversion metrics is as follows.

Reviewer 2: I think metrics should be plural when used as "measurements"

| SET        | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                | :x:                |

## Write Benchmark

> Tested on 4 machines as follows:

Author: What has been tested on 4 machines? What is the subject of the sentence?

> Tested on 4 machines as follows:

Author: What has been tested on 4 machines? What is the subject of the sentence?

Reviewer 2: @marsishandsome  PTAL

Reviewer 3: @TomShawn 这个测试报告是在4台机器上进行测试的
